Implement a Web-application that can help to test book store application testing. In general, you need to generate fake book information. Here is what you need to implement.

The single app page allows to:
select language and region (at least 3 different), for example, English (USA), German (Germany), Japanese (Japan), or anything you prefer;
set you own seed value and ability to generate a random seed;
specify the average number of likes per book (slider with the range from 0 to 10 with possibly fractional values, e.g., 3.7);
specify the average number of reviews per book (number field with possibly fractional values, e.g., 4.7).

If the user changes anything, the table below automatically (dynamically) updates (20 records are -re-generated, updated books are shown from the first). It's necessary to support infinite scrolling in the table (you show 20 records and if the user scroll down, you add next 10 records below — add new so called "page" = "batch of books"). Infinite scrolling is not paging.

The table show contain the following fields:
Index (1, 2, 3, ...);
Random ISBN;
Random title;
Random author or authors;
Random publisher.

Language of the title, author, review, etc. should be related to the selected language/region. You need to generate random data that looks somehow realistically in corresponding language. 

What is fractional number of review or likes? The end user specify number of likes and review PER SINGLE BOOK. If reviews = 0, there are no reviews at all. If reviews = 0.5, every book contains a single review with probability 0.5 (one review per two books). 10 reviews results in 10 reviews in every record.

All 4 parameters (region, seed, likes, reviews) are independent, when user change one of them, other stay the same, but, of course, corresponding content changes (changing likes/reatings only changes like/rating amount; changing seed or region changes titles, authors, ISBNs, etc.). Each record should be expandable, when user clicks on it, the detailed information is shown, for example, random book cover image (with proper title and author rendered over some random backgroud), review texts and authors, etc.

About seed.
Of course, you do not store RANDOM data on the server.  Вut you have to generate data on the server, not in the browser. Browser connect to the single server that provides the single page or batch of data generated in memory. You don't need a database at all (well, you theoretically may use database for lookup tables, but you definitely don't have to, it's not a good approach in this case :)). When the user change seed, you have to change generated data. It's important that the seed passed to RNG algorithm is combination of the user seed and batch-page number (so, you don't re-generate pages 1..9 when the user requests page 10 with the same settings). How do you combine entered seed and page number? It's not really important, some kind of sum should be enough. IMPORTANT: if I enter the same seed tomorrow I have to get the same data as today on all pages.

Note, that changing seed changes the data, but the same seed values should result in the same data. Changing like and rating amount don't change "books", titles and authors stay the same (in other words, titles and authors depends only on seed value and record number).

In case, if you don't use a 3rd-party libary (BUT IT'S HIGHLY RECOMMENDED TO USE SOME) you will need to use large enough lookup tables (much much more than 2 names and 10 titles), let's say hundreds of names, thousands of surnames, ~10000 titles, etc. 

And again: data should look like as realistic as possible, but there is no need to make them sensible.

Application should work WITHOUT registration or/and authentication. Please, note that "looking nice and real" titles and covers will be graded higher (let's say that "Lorem ipsum" isn't cool enough). You have to implement the table view. You may add alterntive "tiles" or gallery, but the table is a must.

Optional requirements: 
Add Export to CSV button (generate the number of pages which is displayed to user currently). You have to use ready CSV-formatter (DO NOT concatenate string by hands — e.g. titles easily can contain comma and semicolon of anything). Add alternative "Gallery View" (not instead of the table, but as an option).

Recorded video demonstation (generation for different regions, infinite scrolling demo with 5-10 pages, change number of likes from 0 to 0.5, then to 5), change seed, demonstrate that data is changes, then return the seed value back.

YOU CAN (AND MUST) USE 3RD-PARTY LIBRARIES FOR DATA GENERATION (check some Faker ports).

Here is an example.
Let's say user opens the app and the default region is USA and app started with a random seed = 42, so he/she can get something like:
Stranger in NNew York, John Lee Smith, ....
Bang!, Jane Doe, Lee D. Harvey, ...
100 Thing To Do With Cars, Phil G. McDormand, ...

Then user changes region to France:
Marseille et la dame rose, Maribel Shiras, ...
La librairie des livres interdits, Capicine Semeaux, ...
Il suffit parfois d'un été, Jaques Albane Abelard, ...

Then user press 🔀  and seed automatically changed to some random value, e.g. 4984734:
Le Bleu, Lily-Belle de Shiraz, ...
Bisous, Guy de Lavrous, ...
La grand arbre, Jaques Julie Vernes, ...

The user enters back 42 as a seed value and get back exactly to:
Marseille et la dame rose, Maribel Shiras, ...
La librairie des livres interdits, Capicine Semeaux, ...
Il suffit parfois d'un été, Jaques Albane Abelard, ...

For Getting Floating Review
The first step. Find the library that allows you to use seeded random values in JavaScript (other languages already have it out-of-the-box). For example, you may use seedrandom.
The second step. Find a library that can select a random element from the array (yeah, don't invent something if you can avoid it). For example, you may use underscore.js or FluentRandomPicker or anything else.
The third step. Implement a function that performs a given operation a non-integer value times (e.g., 2.7 means calling the function 2 times and the 3rd time with the 0.7 probability).

I'll give you an example in JavaScript, but you can do something similar in other languages. I want to keep the example as simple as possible, but replace the Math.random with the seeded API, of course.
const times = (n, fn) => {
    if (n < 0) throw new Error("The first argument cannot be negative.");
    return (arg) => {
        for(let i = Math.floor(n); i--;) arg = fn(arg);
        return Math.random() < n % 1 ? fn(arg) : arg;
    };
};

It's pretty simple. This method allows us to generate the n-th power of a function using composition even if n is not an integer value, mwa-ha-ha-ha! As Polonius said to Hamlet, "Though this be madness, yet there is method in it."

For example, you may define the function that adds either 1000 or 1001 to the number with equal probability (it's stupidly slow to add with increments, but, of course, it's just an example.):
const scheherazade = times(1000.5, x => x + 1);

If we call it 5 times—well, I almost wrote a loop, but that's for weaklings now!—we would get five random results (0 or 1).
times(5, () => console.log(scheherazade(-1000)))();

Or you can replace 5 with 5.25 and get either 5 or 6 lines printed (5 numbers will be printed three times as often as 6 numbers). There is some kind of system to this madness, don't you think?
Now you can easily write a function that adds 4.7 reviews to your book – it will always generate 4 reviews and the fifth review with the probability 0.7.
I hope, you get the idea. Write tiny methods and reuse them to get the results.
